the film in time is set in the year 2169
a time when people have stopped aging at
25 years old
the bad news a clock engineered into
every human at birth
activates giving the person one year to
live
time thus becomes the ultimate currency
as people can earn currency at work
spend it at businesses or give it to one
another how many ships you got today bro
really excited about it you stop aging
at 25
but there's a catch you're genetically
engineered to live only
one more year unless you can buy your
way out of it
[Music]
the story focuses on will a blue-collar
worker whose mother rachel
passes away after her time runs out
what is this where's the rest never met
the quota my units are up from last week
so is it quota next one night will
saves a drunk named henry hamilton at a
bar from being robbed of his time
by fortis and his gang in an act of
kindness
[Music]
i know what i'm doing the drunk
turns out to be a 105 year old man from
the rich city
who then tells will that the rich have
enough time for every person to live
a long life but they keep it all to
themselves
in order to be immortal the rich
living in a barricaded city earn decades
at a time
remaining at age 25 becoming essentially
immortal
while the rest beg borrow or steal
enough hours to make it through the day
the drunk then gives will 116 years
and walks over to a bridge until his
last couple of minutes run out
and he drops into the river dead
then will gives his best friend burrell
a decade
[Music]
meanwhile will's mother has to pay off
her debts with time
unable to convince anyone to give her
time she races home to will as fast as
she can
but she gets their seconds too late
though we had enough to expand her life
she wasn't able to give any time to the
bus that would take her home
as she had to pay off alone prior
rachel ends up dying in will's arms as
her time runs out
next will goes through time zone 12 time
zone 8
and then heads for time zone 12.
[Music]
this zone is called new greenwich the
rich city
he tries the life at the wealthy
[Music]
given 116 years of time will becomes the
prime
suspect in the police's investigation of
hamilton's death
will finds himself rubbing elbows with
the elite of the world in a casino
where he very merely loses his time and
life before winning a millennium in time
[Music]
he meets a beautiful young woman named
sylvia whose father
is the wealthiest man possessing over a
million years
then he buys a luxurious car included
tax with 59 years
while at a party in sylvia's home the
timekeeper named raymond
arrives to a rest will for robbing the
drunk from the beginning
the times of will is also held by the
policeman and he only has two hours left
but will escapes taking sylvia who is
the daughter of the wealthiest man in
new greenwich
hostage when a man from the wrong side
of the tracks is falsely accused of
murder
he is forced to go on the run with a
beautiful hostage
the film carries on with will and sylvia
overcoming obstacle after obstacle
which will keep them from keeping their
own time and finding ways to steal time
from the elite
and give it to the poor will takes
sylvia hostage and they run for it
but then their car crashes and all of
their time is robbed by scavengers
[Music]
will tries to demand a ransom for sylvia
but when her father refuses
it enrages sylvia who shoots the cops
that arrive and demands that we'll help
her do something about this injustice
living minute to minute the duo's love
becomes a powerful tool in their war
against the system
they begin robbing banks taking time
from them and distributing them
evenly to the poor they even rob years
from sylvia's
father's bank of time with the cops
swarming on them
and raymond bent on revenge will and
sylvia must be careful to avoid capture
will learns that the elites of the world
hoard the time stores for themselves
while the poorest are left to fend for
themselves or to die without any chance
of expanding their time
because of this scavengers spring up
which rob people of the time they have
in order to live longer next the
scavengers find will and sylvia
but they fail in an arm wrestling
competition
together the duo robs sylvia's father of
a million-year time
capsule which they distribute to the
poorest of people effectively allowing
them to quit their jobs they have been
destined to
which are owned by the elite who control
the time they pay them with
sylvia's father says that the upper
class has created a wide chasm between
the wealthy
and the poor which is seemingly
impossible to overcome
but they share all the time to the poor
to change
in the end raymond runs out of time in
pursuit of will and sylvia
and will narrowly save sylvia's life
with only one second remaining on her
life card
the poor begin to move into new
greenwich and we see
will and sylvia have teamed up to rob
time from the elite
and give it to the poor in an effort to
crash the system built by their greed
will and sylvia continue to rob times
from other banks
to change the world
you